---
layout: post
title: Welcome!
category: general
comments: true

---

Hi, everyone out there and welcome to my Blog.

You might have noticed, that the site is still under construction and as naturally in this state, my main focus right now is to get things finished before starting to create content. But at least saying hello is something I don't want to miss.

## Something about me

So at first here is a little bit about me:
My name is Fabian Flanhardt, I'm living in Germany and I started working in IT in 2007, which was kind of making my hobby my job. I've come along tons of interesting topics since then and never got bored. Instead, my interest for all that great stuff and figuring out how it works is still growing and feels like never coming to an end.
At the moment, I'm focusing on cloud technologies - most of the time Microsoft Azure - and Citrix Products and also actively participate in the Microsoft communities in Cologne.
Of course, IT is not my only interest. But it is the one I will most likely be blogging about.

## Why I want to start a blog

Working in IT, reading stuff published to the internet is essential for getting into new things. Life as an IT enthusiast would be unimaginable for me without so many people out there doing a great job in sharing their knowledge. So at first, I want to give something back by participating with my contributions.

Second, this will also be some kind of documentation for myself. Writing down things lets you remember far better than just doing, or thinking about things. And once it's stored, you can always come back to look up.

Third - and that’s kind of making the second point complete - is collaborating with others. Blogging makes it possible to share experience and knowledge with a bigger audience, to get to know other views and to learn from each other. Working alone and keeping things to one's self is limiting, while being a part of an active community is an opportunity for ideas to be born and to evolve. So I'd be excited to have some good discussions and connect to new people here. Happy reading!

## Let's get started

As while building my blog, I'm currently learning a lot about HTML, css, JavaScript and so on, this will probably also be the content of my first post here. So I'm getting back on that right now.

I hope you enjoy your time spent here.
More stuff following soon :)